NAME: Ryan Miyahara
EMAIL: rmiyahara144@gmail.com
ID: 804585999

---------------
| Preparation |
---------------
TCP Logging Server
Hostname: lever.cs.ucla.edu
Port: 18000

TLS Logging Server
Hostname: lever.cs.ucla.edu
Port: 19000

------------------
| Included Files |
------------------
Within this submission are the following files:
lab4c_tcp.c
This file compiles with gcc to create an executable which prints out the current temperature
(measured by the temperature sensor on the BeagleBone) periodically. It connects to a given host name
and logs data to it. The executable supports the following flags:
--period=seconds
This flag takes in an integer and sets how often the system polls for a new temperature.
--scale=[FC]
This flag sets which scale the temperature will be displayed in: (F)ahrenheit or (C)entegrade.
--log=filename
This flag will log all of the executables output into the specified file. If the file does not
exist, it will be made.
--id=9-digit-number
This mandatory flag is used to track reports.
--host=name or address
This mandatory flag is used to specify a host name to connect to.
port number
This non-switch parameter specifies the port number at which this program connects to.
--debug
Gives the user helpful output for debugging.
The executable also takes the following commands from stdin:
SCALE=F
This command should cause all subsequent reports to be generated in degrees Fahrenheit.
SCALE=C
This command should cause all subsequent reports to be generated in degrees Centegrade
PERIOD=seconds
This command should change the number of seconds between reporting intervals. This command
does not take effect until after the next report.
STOP
This command causes the program to stop generating reports, but continues processing input
commands. If the program is not generating reports, merely logs receipt of the command.
START
This command should cause the program to, if stopped, resume generating reports. If the program is
not stopped, this merely logs a receipt of the command.
LOG line of text
This command requires no action beyond logging its receipt (the entire command, including the LOG).
OFF
This command should, like pressing the button, output (and log) a time-stamped SHUTDOWN message and
exit.
This program supports the following exit codes:
0: successful run
1: invalid command-line parameters (e.g., unrecognized parameter, no such host)
2: other run-time failures (e.g., server rejected or closed session)

lab4c_tls.c
This file compiles with gcc to create an executable which prints out the current temperature
(measured by the temperature sensor on the BeagleBone) periodically. It performs the same function as
lab4c_tcp (accepting the same flags and commands) except it operates by utilizing a TLS connection.

Makefile
Builds all the executables and has the following targets:
default
Compiles lab4c_tcp.c and lab4c_tls.c with the appropriate flags.
clean
Deletes all files lab4b creates.
dist
Creates the submission tarball.
tcp
Compiles only lab4c_tcp.c with the appropriate flags.
tsl
Compiles only lab4c_tls with the appropriate flags.

--------------
| References |
--------------
OpenSSL Documentation:
https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man7/ssl.html